Clarify functions for jobs must be defined when worker is started (#53)
mafredri/zsh-async: README.md

The async worker is a separate environment (think web worker). You send it a job (command + parameters) to execute and it returns the result of that execution through a callback function. If you find that you need to stop/start a worker to update global state (variables) you should consider refactoring so that state is passed during the `async_job` call (e.g. `async_job my_worker my_function $state1 $state2`).

> Note that because the worker is a separate forked environment, any functions you want to use as jobs in the worker need to be defined when the worker is created, otherwise you will get a `command not found` error when you try to launch the job.

Reviewer: I felt _when_ could be interpreted here to mean "at the same time" even though the intent was probably "defined beforehand". (Changed created -> started to use same terminology as async job.)

```suggestion
Note that because the worker is a separate forked environment, any functions you want to use as jobs in the worker need to be defined before the worker is started, otherwise you will get a `command not found` error when you try to launch the job.
```

#### `async_job <worker_name> <my_function> [<function_params>]`

> Start a new asynchronous job on specified worker, assumes the worker is running. Note if you are using a function for the job, it must have been defined when the worker was started or you will get a `command not found` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a new asynchronous job on specified worker, assumes the worker is running. Note if you are using a function for the job, it must have been defined before the worker was started or you will get a `command not found` error.
```

Would you mind adding this to the comment/documentation for the function in `async.zsh` as well?
